Update documents with current information. (#79)
cisagov/development-guide: dev_envs/mac-env-setup.md

### Automatic package installation (recommended) ###

> NOTE (DEC 2022):  This code is out of date but still functional.

Reviewer: "This code" is too vague here.
```suggestion
NOTE (DEC 2022):  The [CISA `laptop` script](https://github.com/cisagov/laptop/) is out of date but still functional.
```

### Automatic package installation (recommended) ###

> NOTE (DEC 2022):  The [CISA `laptop` script](https://github.com/cisagov/laptop/)

Reviewer 2: I'd like to see the link to `cisagov/laptop` be turned into a reference-style link since it is used in multiple places.

Reviewer: Please see commit 41e2fa9.
